TERMS AND CONDITIONS
THROUGHOUT THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS "WE", "US" OR "OUR" MEANS STERLING PART, AND "YOU" OR "YOUR" MEANS YOU, THE CUSTOMER. TERMS AND CONDITIONS STATED BY US IN CONJUNCTION WITH YOU PLACING AN ORDER, CONSTITUTE THE CONTRACT BETWEEN US AND YOU FOR THE SUPPLY OF GOODS. THE CONTRACT IS NOT VARIABLE UNLESS WE AGREE TO VARY IT IN EITHER BY WRITING OR BY EMAIL.
 
PRICES AND PAYMENT
All prices are in Australian dollars (AUD) and include GST (Goods and services tax). Product prices are regularly monitored and updated and we reserve the right to change or update pricing at any time prior to your order being confirmed. Pricing of Products displayed on this website do not include shipping/handling charges.

Title of goods only pass to the purchaser until payment is received in full.

When you require an order to be sent via a courier, the additional costs associated with freight and handling will be applied in the checkout/shopping cart before payment is required.

Our e-shop payment methods are currently limited to PayPal. 

Payment is taken once we have established that we can fulfil your order(s), checked details, stock availability and then we will dispatch your goods. Tax invoices are sent with all order.

Online prices are only for online purchase. Purchase from in store does not have similar discount.

For Trade customers, overdue accounts are liable to interest at the rate of 12% per annum.

All attorney and client costs together with all associated collection charges are to be paid by the customer where attorneys are instructed to collect any overdue amounts.   

SHIPPING & DELIVERY
National:

As per and Subject to these stated Terms and Conditions, we will supply the products to you as indicated on your order confirmation at the time that your order is placed.

Delivery time frames in Australia can take up to 10 working days (does not include Saturday, Sunday and Public Holidays) from the date that your payment is received by us. Also depending on delivery destination requirements and location of specific products, the delivery could be as soon as the next available working day. We will make every effort to ensure that all deliveries are dispatched within 2 working days.

Products are addressed and delivered to the address submitted and indicated on your order confirmation. In a situation where no one is available to sign for and take delivery of your ordered products, courier service will leave a card requesting you to call them to arrange a suitable time and date for delivery or collection. Although best efforts are made to deliver in specified time frames, there is no guarantee that the delivery will be made in the stated time and we do not guarantee that the delivery will be made in that time frame.

To prevent situations where you miss our courier delivery, please provide additional delivery instructions when finalising your order.
Ownership of purchased goods transfers to you the buyer upon receipted delivery as does any risk of loss.

We DO NOT ship any panel unless pre-arrangement has been made.

 

International: 

For our International deliveries, we will be using AUSPOST to freight the parts to our overseas customers. All pricing can be found on the AUSPOST website. 

Your order will be packed into a box suitable for the quantity and size of the order, sometimes the package will be custom made to fit all parts. We will ensure each individual part will be wrapped in bubble wrap for extra protection. 

All parts in the order will be checked before packing and dispatch to ensure no damaged products leave the warehouse.

Pricing for shipping on all International orders are based on the total weight of the package regardless of the size of the package. Weight is measured in kilograms.

The maximum length for international delivery is: 105cm

Please note: We take no responsibility for any parts that arrived at your door step damaged due to the fault of the courier. 

 
PURCHASING
All items offered on our website are subject to availability. To purchase any products on our eShop, select the number of products you may want to purchase and click the "Add to Basket" button shown on each product page. Click the "Check Out" or "Check out with PayPal" button, whichever is suitable to you, when making an order.

When you place an order to purchase, it is up to you to provide accurate personal and payment details. It is up to you to resolve this issue by contacting us either by email or phone our head office with the correct details before the order is dispatched. If you fail to do so, we are not responsibility if your Order gets lost in delivery or if you do not receive it within ten days when purchase was made.

Your order represents an offer from you to purchase a product from us. This will be accepted, where an e-mail confirmation will be sent to you to confirm that your order has been accepted and your order will be dispatched. The contract will be filed. For cybersecurity reasons, your order information are not accessible via internet. We keep these data in confidence according to our privacy policy.

Every part is sold as a single unit unless specified as a pair or set in the product description.

Please ensure before purchasing - to go over the description carefully and compare the sample to the picture of the part you wish to order. Failing to do so will result in a 20% handling charge. 

RETURNS/REFUNDS
If there are goods / parts which you would like to return, Sterling Parts staff should be notified within 48 hours of invoicing by either phone or email.

Before parts can be returned to Sterling Parts, all returns must be authorised by Sterling Parts staff.

Original or copy of invoice must be provided with all returns.

Returned goods will only be accepted by Sterling Parts if they are in their original packaging and undamaged.

Returned goods that are of body panel category will only be accepted by Sterling Parts if they are in their original packaging, undamaged and not painted.

Painted goods are non-returnable.

Handling Fee

Goods / parts returned within 7 days of purchase: No handling fee
Goods / parts returned between 7 and 30 days of purchase: handling fee of 20% of the value of returned parts
No goods / parts will be accepted for return after 30 days of invoice date.

Only goods supplied by Sterling Parts can be returned to Sterling Parts.

Goods / parts which are specially ordered (include interstate orders) are non-returnable.

Refunds

All accepted refunds request may take up to 5 business day to be fully processed.  

 

WARRANTY
All external body, mechanical and cooling products belonging to Sterling Parts Australia comes with the following Warranty:

Purchases which are non-commercial in nature: 12 months from invoice date or 20,000kms, whichever comes first.
Purchases which are commercial in nature: 6 months from invoice date or 10,000kms, whichever comes first. Applies to all commercially registered vehicles, fleet, mining vehicles, taxi, Uber and ride share vehicles.
The warranty period begins on the purchase date and a valid invoice must be provided for replacement. The warranty covers for the products only and does not cover labour, freight, handling or associated costs. 

What is covered?

Product/s arriving faulty through couriers, freight or postage deliveries. You must submit a valid claim, along with photo/video evidence, within 7 days of receiving the product/s to be eligible for a replacement, refund or exchange.

Each sale of goods shall be subject to the standard warranty of Sterling parts in force from time to time.

Sterling Parts warrant the quality and condition of all products distributed by Sterling Parts bearing the brand name of Sterling Parts for a period of twelve (12) months from the date of the invoice or until such time as the subject vehicle has traveled 20,000 kilometers from the date of installation of the subject goods, whichever occurs first. You may be asked to provide documentation or proof of installation dates and mileage to support your claim.

All parts supplied by Sterling Parts must be fitted/installed by a licensed trades peron/s. Warranty is VOID if not installed and serviced by a licensed contractor.

Upon examination by a Sterling Parts representative, if any goods supplied by Sterling Parts Australia are found to be defective, recipient must submit a valid claim within 7 days of receiving their order, along with photo or video evidence, in order to be eligible for a replacement, exchange or refund. Product/s damaged by misuse, improper installation/operation, lack of maintenance or other factors outside of Sterling Parts control will not be eligible. Eligible orders will either be replaced/exchanged by Sterling Parts or credited back to the purchaser. The cost of removal and/or installation of good is not covered by warranty.

Sterling Parts will not be liable for any damage caused by any goods to any vehicle or other component if in Sterling Parts opinion the goods were incorrectly fitted by the Purchaser or the goods have been applied for a purpose for which the goods were not manufactured.

All conditions, warranties, representations, liabilities and obligations whether implied or imposed by statute or otherwise in respect of the supply of goods including any conditions or warranties as to merchantability fitness for purpose or correspondence with description are hereby excluded.

All liability for loss or damage whether consequential or otherwise and whether arising from negligence or from any other cause whatsoever is hereby excluded.

Please read the section below for more details.

What is not covered?

Product/s damaged by accident, fire, earthquakes, floods, abuse, misuse, or any kind of external contact and physical harm. Product/s altered, deformed and reshaped from manufacture design.

Body panels painted in different colour to what was supplied by us, Sterling Parts Australia.

Product/s lost or stolen under your own care.

Product defects from wear and tear or otherwise normal ageing of the product.

 
TRANSACTION POLICY
All transactions on this website are processed in AUD (Australian Dollars). You must be eighteen (18) years of age or older to use our website to place orders. You can not place orders if you are under eighteen (18) years of age. By using our website, you are accepting these Terms and Conditions and you acknowledge that you are over the age of eighteen (18). If losses are incurred by Sterling Parts that are the result of a minor using this website, Sterling Parts may seek compensation from the Parents and or Guardians of the minor that instigated said loss.

 
PROMOTION POLICY
All STANDARD Promotion runs with COUPON CODES usage are all subjected to a limited validity to orders that is under $500. Any order over the limit will be unable to use the coupon code.

Coupon codes that states otherwise that the order limits are above $500 will be clearly stated and shown on the promotional materials and the standard limit of $500 will not be applied to the order. 

 
REFUND POLICY
Sterling Parts will refund any undamaged/unopened purchases for any reason for up to 7 days. The refund is for the cost of the purchased product/s only and does not cover postage costs.

A refund may also be given if the parts supplied can not be replace due to out of stock. This will also apply to mechanical parts that fall under the warranty section of the Terms and Conditions. 

This includes International Deliveries also. 
 
PRIVACY POLICY
Sterling Parts is dedicated to keeping your details private. Any information we collect in relation to you is kept strictly secured. We do not pass on, sell or swap any of your personal details with anyone. We use this information to identify your orders and to personalise your shopping experience with us.  

CUSTOMER SERVICE
If you have any feedback regarding the goods or services supplied, please send it to:

Sterling Parts Australia

155 Chifley Street

Smithfield NSW 2164

(02) 9729 2828

online@sterlingparts.com.au