ABOUT US
OVERVIEW
Sterling Parts is an Australian leader in the automotive aftermarket parts industry. We believe that everyone should be able to access premium quality parts at affordable prices.

We are a preferred and trusted one-stop-shop for corporations and independents alike. We supply a full range of parts for all makes and models, with over 30,000 types of parts and counting. These include: Holden, Ford, Toyota, Honda, Mazda, Hyundai, KIA, BMW, Mercedes Benz and many others. While we stock a wide range of parts, we also offer a variety of specialisations, particularly in mechanical, steering, suspension and body parts. Our range and quality of control arms, wheel hubs, strut mountings, power steering racks, power steering pumps, ball joints or engine mounts are well respected within the industry.

Fast and reliable delivery services are at the core of what we do. We are proud of our advanced distribution system and networks which gets the parts which our customers need to them, at the time the need it. In the metropolitan and satellite cities in the states where we are located: New South Wales, Victoria, Queensland and South Australia, we are committed to same day delivery services. In states, areas or countries where we do not currently have a presence, we work with our extensive logistic network partners to make sure that our products safely arrive at your doorstep.

In short, wherever you are, whatever the part – we are here for you. We are Sterling Parts.

 

WHAT WE STAND FOR
Everyone should have access to premium quality automotive and related products and services at affordable prices - we are here to make this happen. 

  

VALUES
Collaborative: Working together in a meaningful manner towards a common goal  
Quality: Providing value whilst fulfilling customer demand  
Effective: Perform well and exceed expectations on the tasks which we set ourselves to do  
Bold: Proactively pursuing opportunities which are new and being brave to test them within a controlled environment  
Well informed: Knowledge experts who are well respected in our fields 
Continuously improving: Good is never good enough  
 

HOW WE WORK
We are professional, ethical and don’t play games: We are professional in our conduct, treat our customers with respect and will do what is right.
Our customers are our partners: We develop deep relationships and empower our customers to succeed in their ventures, big or small.
Bringing people and companies with us: We strive to be at the cutting edge of business solutions and services. It is not an easy road, but we intend on bringing all our customers with us so that they may also share the benefits.
 

OUR PEOPLE
We are knowledgeable professionals and we put our customers at the centre of everything we do. We are consistent, reliable, helpful and informative and see our customer’s success as our success.

 
BRIEF HISTORY
1997 - Sterling Parts Australia established in Rydalmere, Sydney 
2001 - NSW distribution centre moved to Silverwater 
2004 - Distribution centre established in Victoria, our first interstate operation  
2007 - NSW distribution centre moved to Smithfield (current location) 
2010 - Distribution centre established in Adelaide 
2012 - Distribution centre established in Queensland 
2016 - Sterling Parts undertook rebranding 
2017 - Sterling Parts invested in comprehensive e-commerce functionalities 
2019 - Second distribution centre established in Victoria to better serve burgeoning market 
2023 - Sterling Parts is an Australian leader in the automotive aftermarket replacement parts industry, with 5 Branches around Australia.
