FAQS
DO I NEED TO COME IN STORE TO BUY FROM YOU?
As we are an online business, we do not accept walk-in purchases. To order from us, please use our website to search and buy your parts online at great prices!
WILL YOU DELIVER MY ORDER?
Yes, in general, we will try our best to get the stock to you in one delivery. In case any part of your order is temporarily out of stock at the closest distribution centre to your location, we are able to do split deliveries where there is stock from another location. If there are any issues regarding your order, we will contact you before dispatch.
I AM A BUSINESS OWNER AND I WOULD LIKE TO BUY YOUR PRODUCTS IN BULK. CAN I GET TRADE PRICES?
Certainly! If you are an existing customer, please let our friendly customer service team know that you would like to purchase in bulk and they will be able to help you out. If you are a new customer, please send us an enquiry by clicking "Contact Us" above and telling us a little bit about who you are, what you do, and where you are located. Our team will get back to you and help you out within 24 hours.
HOW LONG WILL IT TAKE ME TO RECEIVE MY ORDER NATIONALLY?
From your closest distribution centre: - Sydney, Melbourne, Brisbane, and Adelaide (Metropolitan areas): 1-2 days. - Perth, Canberra, Darwin and Hobart: 3 ~ 7 days. - Regional and Rural: 3 ~ 7 days. For more information, please view our dispatch times. *Subject to stock availability.
I LIVE OVERSEAS, DO YOU DELIVER INTERNATIONALLY?
Yes! We can ship all over the world! However, please note that we can not deliver parts that are longer than 105cm in length internationally. Please refer to our Terms and Conditions. If you are unsure, please do not hesitate to send our team an email or give us a call.
HOW LONG WILL IT TAKE ME TO RECEIVE MY ORDER INTERNATIONALLY?
International delivery times can be anywhere between 7 days to 1 month depending on where you are by Australia Post. For more information on international orders and dispatch delivery time, please refer to our Terms and Conditions.
HOW DO I KNOW YOU WILL NOT GIVE OUT MY PERSONAL DETAILS?
We take all matters about your privacy very seriously. We will only use your personal information for our operational purposes, such as facilitating deliveries. Please refer to our Privacy Policy for more details.
DO YOU ACCEPT RETURNS?
As per Australian consumer law, we accept returns if you have made a mistake or change of mind purchasing the item within seven days of original purchase. The item’s return postage is at the buyer’s cost. The refund will be processed once the item is received in its original packaging and a re-saleable condition. A restocking fee of 20% of the original invoice might apply if the returns are due to purchasing mistakes or simply changing minds. The refund will be minus the postage cost to send originally including items with free postage and restocking fee if applicable. We are a genuine and trustworthy business. If we make a mistake, we will do everything we can to rectify the issue. However, it is the buyer’s responsibility to ensure that the part they order has been compatible with their vehicle. We hold no responsibility in our customer’s inaccurately reading item descriptions and vehicle compatibility lists. Returns have to be arranged by the buyers, as per the above policy. If a claim is made that the item sent is not as described, we reserve the right to request photos as required to determine what the issue is and how we can fix it. In most cases, we will ask for a picture of the part we sent and the part of the vehicle.
WHAT HAPPENS IF THE PART I ORDERED DOES NOT FIT MY CAR?
If the part you ordered doesn’t fit your car, we will accept the return as long as the part is in the original condition and packaging we have supplied to you. Please refer to the question above for more details on returns. If you are unsure if the part fits your car, we recommend getting in touch with your nearest branch during our trade hours or email us at info@sterlingparts.com.au.
I’VE RECEIVED A DIFFERENT ITEM TO WHAT I HAVE ORDERED / MY ITEM IS FAULTY
Our returns policy is consistent with the Australian consumer law. Of course, we will accept returns and exchange the product if the goods are faulty and within the warranty period. All returns will be assessed against the Australian consumer law and will be assessed on a discretionary basis. For more information on warranties, please check our Terms and Conditions on our website.
IS THERE WARRANTY ON THE PARTS I ORDER?
Yes, there is a 1 year warranty to all mechanical, electrical and cooling products, which starts on the day the invoice is processed for your order. You must produce the original copy of the invoice a long with the product if you would like to claim for a refund or replacement under warranty. The warranty only covers for the product(s) only and does not cover for labour, postage or handling. For more information on warranty, please check our Terms and Conditions.